Stuart Swerdlow is best known for his involvement
with the Montauk Project,
a secret program for mind control
in which he was a participant,
or more accurately, an experimentee.
The story of his time there is shocking,
but perhaps equally surprising
is how Stuart survived the experiments.
As dark as Montauk was,
somehow Stuart retained access
to what he was trained to see
and the esoteric knowledge that he was exposed to,
including viewing into other timelines.
This is a story like no other.
Stuart, you have a very interesting background.
Even your family has an interesting background.
But first of all, for people who have not become
familiar with your work prior to now,
let's talk about you, how you get your information,
and have been involved with some
of these incredible projects.
Well it's a very long story.
But we'll reduce it. (laughs)
It actually goes back to my birth
because when my mother was pregnant with me,
she didn't know she was pregnant 'til
way into her term.
And then when she went into labor with me,
and she went into a hospital,
they told her it was impossible for her to become pregnant
because her birth canal was blocked and even nonexistent.
So they took her to a wing of the hospital
that was not finished being built.
There was no heat, there was no finished walls,
and they said there just happened to be a specialist
from Texas who was in the area who
was going to perform surgery on her
in order to pull me out of her womb.
And that's exactly what happened
and it's in medical books 'cause it was the first time
they'd ever seen a woman with no birth canal get pregnant.
I was told many years later that I was actually created
through in vitro fertilization and then implanted
back then which was unheard of at the time.
Was this known to your mother?
No.
Obviously not.
It's a very long story with my mother.
And of course my father who was
in the secret military under a mountain in El Paso,
and was followed for many years.
But to make a very long story short,
she should not have become pregnant with me.
I was an anomaly.
And through my whole life I have had
anomalous situations and experiences.
Even as a child I remembered seeing
what I know now to be ghosts or dead people.
I would get information from non-physical sources,
that kind of a thing.
And as I grew up, I became very, very psychic
and was able to communicate.
Of course my parents,
my mother thought there's something wrong with me.
But another interesting thing that happened
is when I was seven or eight years old.
My mother started taking me to a doctor
who lived in this very huge victorian mansion
in a wealthy part of the city.
I would go every single Friday afternoon after school.
And when I would get there, I'd be the only patient.
And there'd be this big, huge room with blocks
and they would say to me, "Go play with the blocks."
And every single time I would build a cemetery.
Now did you ever hear of an eight, nine-year old kid
building a cemetery out of blocks?
No.
To me it was normal,
but at the time now I think back,
I'm like that was serious problems there.
Yeah, that was a little creepy. (laughs)
A little creepy.
Then she would take me to a dentist
who would drill my teeth without anesthetics,
who would do all kinds of things.
It was horrible, horrible, horrible trauma.
Something that you'd see in a Nazi movie, okay.
Years and years later after a couple of marriages,
my current wife said to me,
"You know, you should confront your mother
"about all of that."
You think?
Yeah.
And so I said to my mother, I said,
"Who was that doctor you took me to
"every Friday afternoon?"
She said, "You're out of your mind.
"I never took you."
And I kept pushing and pushing and finally she said,
"Well, it wasn't every Friday."
Yeah.
Then I found out years later from talking
to other people and comparing notes
to people who'd gone to similar doctors
that this may have been Mengele
and this doctor's name was Dr. Green that I went to,
and I know that was an alias that he used
when he was in the United States.
Then when I had my fillings,
I took all my metal fillings out of my teeth,
the dentist said to me,
"Who did this to you?
"It was completely unnecessary work."
So I confronted my mother again.
She said, "I never took you to the dentist."
I said, "I have proof from my dentist now
"that this has been done to me."
She refuses to talk about it.
So I guess have you through
your own intuitive investigations been able
to determine your seeding into your mother
and how this, who these factions were?
Well, yes.
And in vitro?
It's a bizarro story, you know.
I was used in the Montauk Project from 1970 to 1983,
and I was told that I was chosen because of my genetics,
because of my ancestry,
because of the capacity of my mind
to withhold a vast amount of programming
without collapsing or becoming insane.
So I became very,
an important asset for them during those 13 years.
And I learned how to go into hyperspace,
how to read symbols, colors and tones,
how to translate that into a dictionary
which I have in one of my books.
And I was used for all kinds of esoteric
experimentations during those years.
Do you have recall and knowledge
of most of them?
And that's the anomaly.
Because normally that's erased, isn't it?
Correct.
And because I remembered in detail
everything that was done to me,
I became an anomaly, and they did more.
I guess they felt that by testing me to
to see why I remembered,
they would learn how to block that in future situations.
But it didn't work.
Whatever they did to me,
I still remember everything that happened.
Unfortunately. I wish I didn't remember.
But it was very traumatic.
Can you talk about Montauk a little bit?
We really can't do the rest of the story
without that, I suppose.
Sure, sure.
Montauck was an outgrowth of the Cold War.
And again, I have to go back to the Roswell story
and World War II and the Nazis and all of that.
The Illuminati, those who control the planet,
meet to have an element of fear in the public,
because fear opens up the mind
and allows for programming to be input
and then sealed in.
Of course during the war the Nazis were the threat.
After the war, there was really no threat until the '50s
when the Soviet Union became a threat
to the United States.
And so in the interim period of time,
they decided to use alien,
that's when UFOs started to appear in 1947
over Seattle, and then Roswell happened.
And that's because they wanted to,
American public and the world generally,
to think that there was this superior innovator
out there that was threatening
and so the people would become afraid
and then more programming and input can be done.
It was also during that time, late '40s,
when Dr. Ewen Cameron from Scotland
came to Canada and worked with
the Nazi formulas for programming.
He set up clinics in Ottawa, Toronto, Montreal,
especially at McGill University and at
the Allan Institute Memorial,
and he would do psychic driving experimentation
to fracture the mind.
Because they learned when you fracture the mind,
and the personality,
it forms into a geometric cube energetically in the mind,
13 by 13 by 13.
That is the most splits that you can make into human mind.
And if you do the math,
that's 2,197 compartments or alters
that can be programmed through either
full personalities or partial personalities,
constructs, there's a whole science behind it.
So that's what was going on in the United States,
actually in Canada, in the late '40s, early '50s.
It was so successful that they brought
Dr. Ewen Cameron to the United States,
especially the East Coast and the Midwest,
where he set up these facilities in private schools,
hospitals, clinics, this kind of thing.
And then the Monarch Program began
in the United States.
Mostly with women.
But 15% were also males.
And of course my birth in the year 1956
was the year when they were experimenting
genetically with mixing certain DNA
in order to produce an offspring
that could be deeply programmed into mind control.
And that's where I came in.
And I imagine that they must've formulated something
and implanted into my mother.
And I also think it is because of my ancestry
with my father's side of the family
who was from the Soviet Union.
And this is an appropriate time
to bring that up.
Yeah, and so my family, my great uncle
Yakov Sverdlov was the first president
of the Soviet Union.
Prior to that he was roommates with Stalin
in the Gulag before they eliminated
the royal family, the Romanovs.
It was my uncle who actually ordered
the assassination of the Tsar and Tsarina,
and the children in the city of Yekaterinburg
in the Ural Mountains.
And in honor of the execution that he ordered,
they renamed the city of Yekaterinburg "Sverdlovsk"
which means means the city, in English, of Sverdlov.
But my name Swerdlow is actually not Russian at all,
but of Swedish derivation and it means
a sword in the leaf's spirit and love,
which came from a Viking clan
in the western part of Sweden who created
a group called the Rus, or the Rose,
who in the 900s invaded Russia and Ukraine
and that's where Russia got its name.
So you have the strength of that bloodline,
which obviously there's a good amount of
tensile strength genetically.
Yes.
And also passed down through
informations systems, generation to generation.
Yes, yes.
And then you have your mother,
and did your mother realize
what she was doing to you?
What was being done to you?
How did she end up taking you to these places?
Who was controlling your mother?
That is a very good question,
and I've never been able to get a decent answer from her.
I've confronted her a couple of times over the years.
I was much older when I confronted her.
She finally admitted that she did
take me to a doctor every Friday afternoon
who experimented on me and tested me.
And that was as much as
you're gonna get out of her, huh?
And that's as much as I'm gonna get out,
but I do believe it had to do more with
my father's ancestry and his genetic line
because his father, the brother of Yakov
was sent first to Great Britain in the early 1920s
in order to start the Communist Party in Britain.
And the idea was to start to incorporate
the rest of Europe into the Soviet sphere.
And he set up a Communist group there in Liverpool,
and the immigration records show
that my grandfather actually emigrated
to the U.S. from Liverpool, not from Russia.
Although he has Russian documentation.
So he came to the United States
to form the Communist party
and to entice the workers of the North America,
to go back to the worker's paradise.
And he did that.
And he was an operative here for many, many years
and he died 1986 in Los Angeles.
Okay, thank you for that
incredible background.
That's a synopsis.
That's a synopsis of it.
Which book can we find that in?
Do you share your full story?
Much of it.
And that would be in Montauk Alien Connection
and also Blue Blood True Blood.
Okay.
Yeah.
Let's go to what you're here presenting
at the Conspiracy Con.
And you're here looking at some of the history
of the planet Earth.
And you're looking at very large, deep types of history.
We're looking at seeding of the Earth's population,
all the way through to through events that you see
coming up in our near and not quite so near future.
So why don't we first begin with,
and again we'll have to hopscotch
through it for time's sake,
a look at how you see and have seen
the seeding of the Earth.
And first, how did this come to you?
And tell us then what you have understood
about the seeding of this planet
and the sources of beings.
When I had my years at Montauk, I spent 13 years there,
we were indoctrinated very often,
those of us who survived.
And I might say that I was told
that less than 1% survived the processes at Montauk.
And the ones who did survive
are not able to function in public
because they were distorted in their minds.
And I was one of the very, very few
who is able to function,
even though on my opinion maybe not so well.
But because of what we did,
we were encouraged to do the work
because we were told point blank that humanity
was incapable of handling its own affairs,
and if left to its own devices,
they would destroy each other.
And so the purpose of Montauk Project
was to create massive global mind control
and programming so that people would
perform their functions properly without questioning,
and that the society would continue unimpeded
and be able to grow and prosper.
So it was presented in a way
that was a positive for the Earth.
In addition, they told us the history,
because most of the technology that was used
was not from here.
A lot of it came from a star system called Sirius A,
which has very high technology
and in my opinion was in control
of some aspects of the U.S. government at the time.
And there was something called the Montauk chair,
which kind of looked like a dental chair
with these wings on the sides that would go
into the temples of the head.
I was not on that chair,
but I was used as a booster for the person
who was used on the chair.
They would then take people.
And they started out with derelicts.
They started out with people who
were considered disposable.
Right. Broken.
Derelicts, children of alcoholics.
Foster kids, orphans.
People that if they disappeared,
nobody was gonna look for them.
And then when that became
not so convenient anymore,
they started to use the children of military people
and other, and my father was in the military.
And so I was used in those experiments.
And I did very well in the experiments,
whether it was because of my mind pattern,
my genetics, what have you.
All of the above, I excelled in what they did to me.
And what would be the nature
of this, for example?
What they did?
Yeah.
To fracture. Horrible, horrible things.
There would be physical torture.
Sexual ritual magic, including rape.
Beatings.
What they call psychic driving,
where they would put a device
that split the face, your optic visual acuity
would be split in half.
This side they would show you pictures
of flowers growing and lovely pictures,
and here they would show you
children being ripped apart,
shredded, people murdered.
All inputted at the same time.
One side the ear they would put classical music,
here they'd put acid rock.
And they would do things like this.
Then they would starve you.
Then they would overfeed you.
Then they'd put you to sleep for long periods of time.
Then they'd keep you awake for long periods of time.
So it got to the point where you did not know
what to expect.
There was no consistency.
There was no identity.
No self identity anymore.
No, no self identity.
Only what they gave you.
Right.
And that fractured the person enough,
and thanks to the experiments in Canada
and by the Nazis as well,
because they did bring
Nazi scientists over in Project Paperclip.
Absolutely. Yes, absolutely.
And so Montauk was about first,
this mind control experiment.
Then they also did time travel using alien technology.
They also did esoteric weaponry,
which is I see now available today
in this century that's there.
They also created interesting things.
For example, then this was actually before Montauk,
and this may not sit well with some
of the listeners or viewers,
but the New Age was actually started in 1965
by the U.S. government in order to lay the groundwork
for the New World religion and for end times programming,
which is what we're experiencing right now.
Yeah.
So that was just in a nutshell what Montauk was about.
The reason they felt compelled to do this
is because when you are a very relatively
small group of people out of a planet
of billions of people,
and you're perhaps a couple hundred thousand controlling it,
armies and weapons aren't enough.
You can be overwhelmed by the masses of people.
But if you mind control the people,
so that they don't pay attention,
they have blinders on and you create issues
where problems develop,
that the people then demand a solution,
you then impose the solution that you wanted to use anyway.
So in effect you have the population demand
the solution that you want to impose.
And it's quite brilliant, actually,
the techniques that they use.
It is efficient because it doesn't
have to be forced on anyone.
Correct.
We actually request it or demand it.
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
And we can see evidence of that
around us everywhere.
Correct.
The media.
Especially in that.
Probably particularly the media now.
Yes.
Okay, so now after you're broken,
and for you they'd already identified
this psychic ability, this deep psychic ability.
Yes.
Actually maybe you were genetically
engineered because of these features.
So you have a broken individual that's compartmentalized
and has the ability to see.
And how did they use your mind in terms
of time travel, hyper spacial awareness, and so forth?
What they did, because of the ELF and microwave
protocols that they used on me,
I became physically blind.
I was blind really for 29 years.
But they did this for a purpose.
The purpose was to remove physical senses
so that the other portions of the brain,
the 90% that isn't used by most people,
then develops the capacity to see in other ways.
And so I could look at a person
even though my eyes wouldn't register.
I would see energy fields,
the archetypes that emanate from the body, the DNA,
I'd see your simultaneous existences
because you exist in infinite reality simultaneously,
but if I know your birth name and your birth date
I focus in who you think you are at the moment
and I can read everything about you.
And you can also then go into what is called
a hyperspace level.
This is not the astral.
Physical reality's like the yolk of an egg.
The astral is like the--
The white?
The white part, yes.
And the shell is like the hyperspace
that connects or holds it all together.
And so when you go into hyperspace
it's the basic foundation of the energy of the God-mind.
It's archetype, color and tone.
And those three, it's a triad communication.
And if you understand the meanings of the colors,
and the meanings of the symbols,
and you string them together in certain formulations,
you can manifest whatever it is you want to create.
So one of the major works that I did at Montauk
was to go into this hyperspace level,
since I was in it anyway, and decipher.
This symbol means this, this color refines it to this,
and so on and so on.
And in fact in my book A Healer's Handbook,
I have the most comprehensive dictionary
of archetype symbols that I know of
for public.
I'm sure the Illuminati have much more than that.
But I have that in a dictionary for people to use.
So that's basically one of the things I did.
So when you would go out,
and you'd start bringing back
and decoding the information,
were they using you for essentially
looking into the future?
Is that part of what you did?
Future and past.
Future and past, okay.
They were particularly interested in the past,
and especially for the time of Christ.
And I wrote about it in my book Montauk Alien Connection,
which is my autobiography.
They had me actually go back,
time travel to the time of Christ.
And of course what we know about
history is not true.
What is taught in school, religion, what have you,
mostly false.
Rewritten in order to enhance the programming.
The history is then rewritten to undermine
and support the new programming.
So most of history is fake.
Right.
And to also set agendas into motion.
Correct.
For the teachers such as Revelations,
armageddon and all that.
Very highly programmed.
What did you see around the time of Christ?
Well, I saw that he was a genetic manipulation, as well.
He was a creation of an alien group
that was here to alter the direction of humanity.
Not for good purposes, but for their own.
And that's something that people should know.
There's no such thing as good aliens
coming to save the Earth or space brothers.
That's a New Age manufacture.
If someone's here to interfere,
they have their own agenda.
If they're interfering.
Yeah.
The ones who are benevolent, they don't interfere.
They don't interfere.
They just watch.
Yes, and there's a lot of debate about
this period of time where they watch
and help is trying to be given
on very subtle levels without interfering.
And I think there's a fine line there
for any beings that may be trying to assist
during this time of challenging period of human history.
Yes, yes, absolutely.
Because those with no ethics,
that are here to interfere.
There are no, that's the point, there are no ethics.
Right. Well they have their own agenda.
Right.
What we learned is,
human beings are not native really to this planet.
We are aliens here.
And the proof of it is when you look in nature
and you see insects, animals, what have you,
they wake up in the morning
and they can find food, they have shelter,
they have everything they need right there.
Humans do not.
You have to get clothes, you have to find food,
everything is a struggle to survive.
If you're native to an environment that created you,
the environment supplies you that way.
Very true.
Human beings are not like this.
(laughs) Very true.
We are aliens to this world, see.
And the history that I learned at Montauk
showed that this planet was once totally covered
in water, even the atmosphere.
And it was the second position from the sun.
There was Mercury, Earth, Mars,
then a planet called Maldek,
and then Jupiter, Saturn, and so on.
And I have to go further back in history.
All human beings came from a star system called Lyra.
And Lyra was attacked eons ago
by reptilians from the Draco star system
that eliminated that civilization
and the Lyrian refugees, those who survived,
spread out through the known galaxy then
to colonize different worlds and different star systems.
And in our solar system at that time,
Mars and Maldek were the only two worlds
that had atmospheres and oceans that could be colonized.
The Draco would look for the survivors
and try to destroy them.
They use comets and asteroids as vehicles
as well as weapons.
They create small, little black holes
in front of these huge objects and they pull them
in the direction.
And so when they discovered the colonies
in this solar system,
they sent an ice comet into our solar system
to destroy those colonies.
As the ice comet came past the planet Uranus,
it flipped Uranus on its axis.
Uranus is the only planet that goes north to south
in rotation instead of east to west.
It's the only known one,
because of the effects of the comet.
As the comet came closer
between Jupiter and Maldek and Mars,
the magnetic pull of all these planets close together,
plus the incoming energy of the ice comet,
caused Maldek to explode,
which is why we now have an asteroid belt
between Mars and Jupiter.
And as it got closer to Mars,
it pulled the atmosphere and a lot of the oceans
off of Mars, which is why it looks it does today.
And then it continued towards the Earth.
As it came towards the Earth,
the trajectory started to slow down,
the black hole started to disintegrate,
and the Earth and the ice comet started
to rotate around each other,
polarizing the oceans,
and the spin created the ice caps on the planet.
And then the Earth and the ice comet switched positions,
pushing the Earth out to the third position from the sun.
The ice comet took up the second position from the sun,
and the ice then started to melt and evaporate,
creating a cloud cover, and we know this now as Venus.
And back in the late 1980s,
just before the collapse of the Soviet Union,
they sent a vehicle into the Venusian atmosphere
with cameras that were able to survive the heat.
And before it was destroyed,
the camera sent back to Russia
pictures of seven domed areas on the surface of Venus.
Artificially constructed domes.
Well, on the front page LA Times and New York Times
was a full-page articles on what
the Soviet spacecraft had uncovered.
Seven perfectly shaped domes.
And of course at the very end of the article it said,
scientists have determined it is a natural formation.
(laughs loudly) Okay.
But if you know about reptilian culture,
the Draco culture,
they're seven species that comprise
the empire of the Draco
and each is in a hierarchy.
They have their own special functions.
They do not mix.
It's very separated.
And so it would make sense then
that they would have seven different domed areas
or living quarters.
They would not mix.
They would each be kept separately.
I also know that this Draco hierarchy
became the basis of the Hindu religion
of the different caste systems of the Hindu religion.
From Brahmin down to untouchable.
It's duplicates basically of that.
So again, I'm making millions of years of history
into a few moments.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
'Cause we'd be here for weeks.
Yes, we would.
And so then what happened is
since now land masses rose on the Earth
'cause the water was polarized, now land masses appeared,
the Draco drove into our solar system
another vehicle that they used to colonize
one of those large continents.
And they drove in on what we now know is the moon.
And you know the moon is again,
the only object known in space that does not rotate.
It just faces one side all the time.
Odd.
It's a vehicle parked in space.
And if you were to send a sonic resonance
off the surface of the moon,
it pings, demonstrating that the moon is hollow.
If it was solid, it would thump.
The moon doesn't thump. It pings.
And a few years ago when I was doing
work in Switzerland,
there was a Swiss scientific magazine.
This was back in the '90s.
That stated the moon should be reclassified
because it's hollow.
It's not what people think it is.
And then a couple of years after that,
there was an article from NASA
which was quickly obliterated,
that stated that the rocks on the moon
showed that it was not from our solar system.
It doesn't match any other minerals from this region.
And that was obscured?
That information was quickly obscured.
Removed.
Proof enough just in that alone.
Yeah.
So let's go to Lyra.
I'd love to, but this doesn't exist anymore. (laughs)
You know what I mean.
From that influence and then
let's get it down to the human level.
Oh, yeah, Okay.
That influence.
So then we had this colonization of
reptilians on the Earth,
which they colonized the largest continent
through history was known as Mu or Lemuria,
depending on the culture.
It existed in what is now the Pacific Ocean.
Many millenia later it was decided
that some of the refugees from Lyra
would then colonize the Earth, as well.
And they colonized what we now know as Atlantis.
It was a continent in the Atlantic ocean.
When you have reptilians and mammalians
living in the same environment, doesn't go together.
There's conflict and struggle.
They don't belong together.
Plus, they were natural enemies.
And so there were wars between Lemuria and Atlantis.
And this is also documented well
in a lot of Dolores Cannon's work.
Yes. I know Dolores very well.
Yes, and other people.
Individuals that I know who have been back,
been able to traverse back in time,
and they talk about the fact that there were
these war-like ships when they were living
in Atlantian times they had to hide from.
Yes, and it's also documented in
the Indian Vedas.
Vedas, yes.
Which talk about the vimanas,
which are these vehicles,
and there's actually diagrams,
technological diagrams on how to build them
which are 50,000 years old,
and were copied from older documents.
Right.
And also spoke about the fiery lances
that would fly through the airs
and create mushroom clouds,
so they're talking about nuclear weapons
hundreds of thousands of years ago.
So it documents the war between.
And so, I must go back even further
and let people understand that
the Draco empire, the reptilians are androgynous.
They have no gender.
Male and female in the same body.
They considered themselves to be superior
to mammalian creatures because in their mindset
since a God-mind is androgynous,
and they are androgynous,
they more closely represent the God-mind
than mammalians who need to have
sexual differentiation.
Also if you look at the genetics of reptilians,
even on the Earth right now,
look at any reptilian species,
you'll see that for eons at a time, it does not change.
They remain the same.
Mammalian species need to constantly evolve and adapt.
So to the reptilian mindset,
this proves that since they are so perfect,
they do not need to change.
Proving again, more closely related to God-mind,
whereas inferior mammalian creatures
need to constantly change.
So there's an agenda by the Draco empire
to span out through the universe
and control, manipulate, assimilate
all inferior species to their jurisdiction.
There is a time schedule.
They have an agenda.
This one, this one, this one, et cetera.
So the colonists that were sent to Lemuria
were to prepare the Earth for assimilation.
This was before the Atlantians arrived.
And so there was not a military force here, so to speak.
They were just here to colonize
and wait for mommy and daddy to come for them, yes?
So the wars ensued and both sides were taking losses,
and in fact the reptilians brought with them
creatures that support their culture,
which we now know as dinosaurs.
Yes?
And so the Atlantians used to kill the dinosaurs.
That's what wiped out the dinosaurs.
Not an asteroid that hit the Yucatan
60 million years ago.
If that was true we wouldn't be sitting here now.
No life would exist.
And so it was a very bad dissension between them.
To make a long story short,
it was decided to create a third race.
Synthesis between reptilian and mammalian,
to create kind of a peace effort.
And so that's why it says in Genesis,
"Let us make man in our image."
Why is it referring to plural?
If there's a singular God, why wouldn't it say,
"I shall make man in my image"?
No, it's let us and our.
All references to God in the Old Testament are plural.
Completely.
And so they created a genetic experimentation.
The deal was to do this,
they had to start with the androgynous reptilian body,
break it into male and female components,
and add mammalian genetics.
That's why in the book of Genesis it also says that
God created female by taking the rib of Adam.
Genetic engineering.
It's a story
to show the separation of the reptilian.
And that's why if you look,
the proof is look at how human beings
just stayed in the womb.
For the first few weeks of creation,
it's a reptilian androgynous fetus in there.
Then mammalian characteristics develop
and then the sexual differentiation.
Why?
Because the DNA is following the sequence of input.
That's what its doing.
And so that's proof of it.
If you ever can have proof, that's proof of what happened.
And you mentioned something,
I was listening to you yesterday
about one of the other kind of chief factors
of this species is that we have this split
within our own functioning.
Yes.
Essentially internal conflict.
Right brain, left brain.
Yes, because we have left and right brain,
but we have a reptilian brain stem,
Reptilian brain stem and this
right and left brain which do not seem
to function well together without a high degree
of training and practice.
Correct.
It shouldn't be that way if it's native.
Right?
What we really should have as a standard feature,
we should have a single brain which would
be representative of a gigantic pineal gland.
Because the pineal gland that we have
between the left and right hemispheres
acts as a liaison between the left brain
and the right brain,
and also between physical and non-physical.
So that's when we do our mental work.
We center at the pineal, we balance,
then we can do our work.
The core personality of every person
is at the reptilian brain stem
and the mind control programmers know
that if you want to really mind control a person,
you scar the brain stem.
You go to the core of that person
and by scarring the brain stem it enlarges,
and allows for more programming to take hold.
And then it feeds into the left and right hemispheres
of the brain.
So here we have the third species,
a hybridized species known as human,
which has the features of both.
Now what did the Lyrians
bring to the table by way of our genetics.
Let's talk a little bit about that side
versus the reptilian side.
The pure human being before the hybridization
were very tall.
They were seven, eight, nine feet tall.
They had blonde hair, blue eyes or red hair, green eyes.
They were extremely psychic.
They could manifest, they could see into
astral and hyperspace normally.
They were basically,
if you read in the Bible the story of the fallen angels,
that's where human beings,
the original human beings were about.
They were basically angelic-like beings
who forayed into the physical,
became enamored of it,
and solidified in the physical.
And that's where the Lyrian civilization began.
And we as a species,
before we go into some of the other I'd like to,
we're on this thread.
Where do you see us striving to go?
Because when you meet people, human beings,
whatever our genetic makeup and background has been,
my experience is that most people are good at heart.
That's my experience.
Now maybe I'm magnetizing a lot of good people to me,
but my experiences there is a beautiful part
in the heart of most people.
Even if the outside has become corrupted.
There's a thing that can make them cry in empathy.
Yes.
With virtually every human.
And that's the God-mind within.
Yes.
Which can never be programmed.
They can make you think that it's separate,
but that they can never take away.
And you hear more and more people
say this Earth life is too much,
I don't care if I never come back to this place.
I don't care if I die.
I just want out of the pain.
And then you hear others who say
I'm trying to work my way back to God.
Mm-hmm. Well, you know
you can't work your way back to God
because you are there.
Exactly.
You're already there.
You just have to realize.
It's really creating an awareness of who and what you are.
And that's what I try to do in my work.
To open up that 90% of the brain that isn't being used,
and the 97% of the DNA,
which scientists call junk DNA.
When they put out in the media that they've
mapped the human genome and they know it all.
All they know is that 3%, actually less,
because that 3% differentiates entire species
as well as individuals within that species.
But here's the proof of the God-mind.
It doesn't matter if your an amoeba,
a human being, an elephant, an alien.
97% of your DNA is identical.
Now how could that happen unless there was
a single source of all.
Yes.
And so on that journey, that awareness,
well that's what you do.
You're trying to help people understand.
Yeah, yes, yes.
The nature of who they are.
And of course it meets with a lot of resistance.
Because people are afraid to know who and what they are.
They like to have their blinders on
that makes life seem simple for them.
But what?
Again, I know what you say is true,
because we encountered this as well
with people who would rather not know
certain bits of information and like to cherry pick.
But at the same time, this aspect of us that is God,
that is connected with all that part,
you would think that that would be very freeing
for an individual to understand.
That that's the part that cannot be programmed
or controlled and is at the essence
of each one of us.
That's very good news.
Mm-hmm. The problem is,
religion comes in.
And religion says to the person, you can't know God.
You have to go through an intermediary
in order to know God.
So right away, cut off.
And besides that, the main religion,
not naming names, your born in sin.
So you're screwed before you even come into the world.
Absolutely.
So when you learn this,
you're like, now what?
I have to do this and this and this
and maybe I won't go to purgatory.
(laughs) Right. You're right.
Exactly. And that is the answer.
I mean, that was a loaded question, of course.
So we can see what the obstacle is.
But the point is,
I just want to underscore
what you just got done talking about
because I think this is where we really need
to start focusing some energy.
Meanwhile, we still have a great amount of manipulation
occurring over the fabrication of what we call reality.
Well, that's it.
It's a complete fabrication.
And maybe you can talk about the ways in which
our reality is being essentially projected to us.
For our viewing pleasure or not.
Yes, and I actually must say before all of that,
that physical reality is an illusion.
I use the analogy of
the thought is the film, brain is the projector,
physical reality is the screen.
So if you don't like the movie that's playing around you,
change the film, which is the way you think.
And that's what I do in my work.
Change the mind pattern.
Do release work. Deprogram.
Change that film.
Rewrite the script the way you want it to be.
Why does physical reality exist in the first place?
It's because those who entered into it
refused to take responsibility for their thoughts.
When you refuse to take responsibility,
and then you blame others for your existence,
instantly you are put into an environment
where what you think is reflected back to you
so that you can see,
okay this is what I'm creating right now.
I gotta change this.
Of course, still you blame others.
And that's why we go through the cycle of incarnations
so that we can learn that we need to take
responsibility for ourselves and nobody else can do it.
Absolutely.
So, that piece in place.
We need to look at what the human mind
is up against right now.
And I think it 's a fair statement to say
we're up against it.
We have to differentiate it from
our own personal desire and reality,
but let's look at the vast expanse
of what we're up against.
Well, basically human beings are up against
amazing technology which transmits now
from satellites, cell towers, amplifiers on the ground,
even television, radio sends carrier signals.
We have a brain wave that can be measured
like this sign wave.
And so what they do is they send an artificial signal
that mimics the brain wave so that you do not
perceive it as external to yourself
and you think it's your own thought.
So if they send a control system to,
everyone should pay attention to
the president, believe whatever CNN tells you,
whatever the instructions are at the moment.
You accept that and it's downloaded
and becomes part of your brain sequences.
Now is this in operation?
24/7.
Everywhere?
Globally.
100% of the population of this planet
right now in this year is programmed
to one degree or another.
Now there's about 10 to 15% at this point,
it used to be less,
but 10 to 15% of the global population
that is specifically programmed.
Meaning they have the capacity to accept
very heavy, deep layers of programming.
And if you did the math, even 10% of 7 billion people,
that's a lot of people.
See? And those 10% then have a control
over the remaining 90%.
And then there's that peak.
That pyramid at the back of the U.S. dollar,
with the pyramid,
that little cap is the Illuminati.
The 13 controlling families.
Then theres the break,
means no one comes close to them.
Then there's the committee of 300,
and then all the ones all the way down
to the peons of people at the bottom.
And when you said that this
7 to 10%, did you say, roughly 7 to?
About 10 to 15% at this point.
10 to 15% can be deeply programmed.
Is this a matter of simple resonance
or is it targeted by
geography, by race,
or just a simple brain resonance?
Well, it's all of the above.
They knew back even in the '50s
that the blonde-haired, actually way before that.
Blonde-hair, blue-eyed people have
an enzyme in their genetic structure
that accepts programming.
And this is why the Nazis promulgated the Arian look,
not because it was more beautiful,
but because it was more programmable.
And they knew that.
They had a big issue in programming
darker-skinned people.
So they said, then we have to eliminate them.
And that's where their genocide came in.
And since World War II , as you know,
they're decimating the African population,
the Indian populations,
native peoples
who are hard to program.
The interesting thing is they started in the U.S.
a system or a way
to mix genetics.
Why in the U.S.?
Because the black race in the U.S.
had over 80% by genetics within them
because of the slavery.
Where they were raped by their masters,
and they have white genetics in them.
So they had this little shred in them
that they could program.
That's where Michael Jackson came in.
He was a prototype to say,
okay, we're gonna take this black American person,
program him to become an icon for his race,
and then it will be like simon says.
What he does, they will do.
What he speaks, they will speak.
Yeah.
He became the most programmed person on the Earth.
I believe that.
By the end of his days,
he didn't know if he was black or white,
male or female, human, non-human.
He didn't know what he was.
And he became a liability.
So they got rid of him.
But he already was successful
in showing a way to program the darker-skinned races.
Right.
And so now everybody can have programming.
Okay.
And the rest of us are still programmable.
Yes.
Just not to that extent, perhaps, right?
Not to the extent of that 10 to 15%
which are used for what, leadership positions, and so forth?
Leadership positions.
And you know it doesn't matter about
economic status or anything like this.
They need people in every walk of life.
And every culture to pull in the rest
so there can be a global new world order.
And let's talk about that now.
That was very sad about Michael.
All of it.
There was something inside most people
that had a deep sadness over his demise
and it was hard to articulate.
It didn't matter who you were in the world,
what your background was,
it is though something in our essential selves
was witnessing something that was profound.
Mm-hmm. Yes, yes.
There are created in the entertainment world,
icons what we would call, programming icons,
and they are set up to be the commanders,
if you will,
or the instructors of those who are programmed
with specific types of programming related to them.
For example, remember when Brittany Spears shaved her head?
Thousands of people did the same thing the next day.
They didn't know why they did it, but they saw her do it.
They had to do it.
That's part of the proof of the icon programming.
Madonna wears the kabbalah red bands,
everybody has to wear that.
And so on and so on.
They generally use
very popular entertainers
to be the catalysts for
the triggering of the population.
And they use politicians for this, as well.
And what are you seeing
symbolically in terms of the trends
and what's being programmed into us now?
And then I want to go into the future.
They're basically creating a situation
where the population will be very androgynous.
Boys that look like girls, girls that look like boys.
No sense of self-identity.
No sense of national identity.
Basically strip you of everything that you could
possibly find out about yourself.
You become what you think you're supposed to become.
What they tell you to dress in,
what they tell you to learn,
what they tell you to like.
The music, et cetera.
This is being programmed into every single person,
even education-wise.
There was a program in the '90s called
Education 2000 where globally the same history,
false history, had to be taught in every single country.
Is this to this day?
It's very successfully accomplished.
I was in Cambodia in 2002
and you know, Cambodia, it's a third world country.
And these little children would
come up to me and they'd say, "Where are you from?"
The United States.
"The United States."
Then all of the sudden, wrote,
"The United States. Capital Washington D.C."
And they'd go through all the...
American children don't know some of these things.
Bump, bump, bump.
They knew every characteristics of what
they were supposed to,
and it was like they (tsst) switched.
They knew exactly what to repeat.
And that was everywhere.
In the Philippines, and Cambodia, and Europe.
They all knew the same information.
So this is to give us globally
the same script to go off of.
So that in the next generation,
no one's gonna remember what they learned.
What your grandmother knew.
What your great grandparents knew.
You won't know that history.
You'll only know what's been embedded in you now.
So what's really important
to start separating generationally,
especially in regions of the world
that still have indigenous knowledge.
Separate this generation, the younger generation
off into technology and more culture and pop culture
to remove them from the familial influence?
Well the idea was to break families up.
That's why there's so much divorce
and parents have to work so they
can't make food for their children,
they can't spend time with them.
So the children don't know information
that the parents have.
They don't speak to them.
They're spending all their time on their cellphone
or their video games.
They must always be hooked up to some device.
You go out there to an airport, go to a school,
go anywhere in society, the mall.
Their on the phone, headsets.
No one can be without some hook up to communication.
And it's not just Western culture.
When we were in Thailand recently, the same thing.
The parents are undergoing great stress
and there's a high amount of prescription use
for antidepressants now.
Yes.
Because the children are now
going away into the world of technology
and they're leaving the family away.
Exactly.
This seems to be key.
You have to get the kid separated out through technology.
Mm-Hmm. Exactly.
That breaks the chain of knowledge, right?
And create illnesses that require drugs all the time.
And that enhances the programming.
So this is one of the big agendas
that's going on right now?
Absolutely.
And what do you see
from looking at it from here
to all the levels at which you can see,
what do you see happening to us?
What I see is very clearly,
if you go back to the Star Trek shows,
the Borg society where they're hooked up to computers,
they're cyborgs.
They're part organic, part computer.
They all have a function, and they're grouped.
That's what this society, a Borg society.
No questions asked.
You perform your function, and that's it.
You do not communicate with anyone
unless you are supposed to.
That's what's coming up, and it's already started.
Yes, from outside appearances.
Absolutely.
It does seem to be so.
Let's talk about some of the technology,
because we're looking at,
some of our viewers will have heard of
Project Blue Beam, and some of the technologies.
I'd like to speak about that.
Also you brought up something yesterday
I wasn't aware of with at CERN
Oh, yes.
Would you talk about that a little bit.
I think it's really important to key in on.
Yes, yes. Well, first of all,
Blue Beam is a technology that's much older
than people realize.
I mentioned in my lecture that it was first tested in 1962.
Please explain what it is first.
Yeah. Blue Beam projects holographic images
into the atmosphere that can look like
a religious figure, alien, UFOs,
whatever the object is that you really want to project
that you think it's there.
And this was tested again in 1962,
a submarine surfaced off the coast of Cuba,
projected an image of the blessed Virgin Mary
over Havana Harbor so that the communist society
would think that God is telling them to come back to him
and to return all the communists.
But since that time, and it's been so many years later,
they have the technology now where the
holographic images can be picked up on radar,
so you think it's a physical object.
It can be touched.
There's sound that comes from it.
So it's quite advanced.
I had a conversation,
it was a private conversation maybe about
six, seven, eight years ago with Drumbalo at lunch one day,
and he was telling me that in the '60s
he was taken into some place in Nevada
where they had holographic projections
in the late '60s that were fully functional.
Yeah.
He was surprised.
He said you really couldn't tell reality
from what was being projected.
Exactly.
And so if now you say it's actually
taking on, almost mass, enough mass to be measured.
They can project an image of a person in this room
that you can touch and you'd think it's a real person.
So let's talk about the potentials
and how it's planning to be utilized.
And how it has been and is being utilized.
Well.
Or is it being utilized?
Of course it's being utilized.
And it's leading up to a staged alien invasion.
A staged second coming of Christ
that will lead to the global empire being formed
under a new world religion.
What's that new world religion look like?
What are the tenants of it?
It's something for everybody.
And in fact, they a few months ago,
created this weekend where they said it was Chrislam,
Christianity with Islam mixed together.
So that it's going to be a religion that has
all the icons of the historical past.
And if you noticed in the last year or two,
suddenly all these artifacts are being discovered
in Rome and in the Holy Land,
and all these different locations that prove
what's in the Bible.
Now of course, a lot of in the Bible was rewritten
by the Piso family in ancient Rome.
And after that again.
Yes, constantly.
Books were removed, things, words were changed.
And so in order to accommodate that,
they're creating artifacts that back up the fake stories.
Here it is.
Make the evidence fit the theory.
Exactly. Correct.
Yeah, and the agenda.
And there's a lot of that going on across the board
when it comes to the world of science right now.
Absolutely, and also artifacts that will support
the false history of countries and nationalities,
that they will dig up all over the place.
What are you seeing in terms of Earth changes?
You and I talked about a couple things off-camera.
And what's being done in terms of enhanced
Earth changes, particularly.
I will categorically state that the Earth is not
gonna flip on its axis.
Yeah, I don't see that, either.
The magnetic poles, yes, switch back,
but they do all the time.
Yes, there's a time period every few hundred thousand years
where the magnetic poles do flip,
but it takes five thousand years to accomplish,
and its only just begun now.
And they also say,
even the world of science is saying,
they're mini north and south poles
Yes, yes.
Reestablishing their polarity all over
the planet as we sit here.
Correct. That's correct.
Yes.
But, what's been happening the last few years,
there has been an anomalous ELF bombardment
of the north and south poles,
which is creating stress on the tectonic plates and borders,
and also creating higher volcanic eruptions globally.
Is this HAARP inspired, you're saying?
This is HAARP inspired.
Okay.
What's happening is these so-called Earth changes,
these are natural events
that have been enhanced
and made to occur prematurely.
So that for example,
if there's an earthquake to occur 10,000 years from now,
they'll make it happen tomorrow.
So it's yes, it's along a fault line,
a volcano's are erupting.
Yes, these are natural objects,
but they wouldn't have happened
to the intensity that they would
without this artificial enhancement.
So they're enhancing unstable regions
Correct.
That have events set to occur anyway.
Toward what? To fulfill what part of the agenda?
To fulfill the agenda of fear
and as the book of Revelation,
a script to fulfill of that.
Where it says there'll be earthquakes,
there'll be signs in the sky,
there'll be illnesses, all of these things.
They're making that happen, so people will say,
yeah, this is in the Bible, this is happening.
All being engineered.
Yes, yes. And then the alien attack occurs.
We'll never see who attacks us.
But it will create a fear globally
so that we now all have to join together
under one government to fight this attack.
But then a savior race will come,
who will chase away these attackers
and proclaim themselves really that they are
our ancestors who created us.
And the genetics will prove it.
Then comes the cloned Christ
who will have the genetics of the Shroud of Turin.
How could you dispute the DNA?
It's the same DNA. It's Christ.
And so he will proclaim then this is his new holy empire.
And the new religion that must be believed by everyone now.
So it has to be the embracing of
a new spirituality to have the human population
voluntarily accept all of this.
In order to bring in the new, you must dispose of the old.
And so they're eliminating the economic system,
the political system, national identities.
Wiped away so the new one can be imposed.
You talk about parallel realities in your talk
and one of them is that,
that's one way, that is one potential reality.
There's another potential reality,
if you'd like to speak to that for just a moment,
even though it deserves hours.
Yeah, there's infinite realities.
And simultaneous existence, parallel universes,
whatever you want to call it.
And it's like, think of a radio.
You turn the dial a little bit, there's a new station,
there's another station, another.
All different, on the same radio.
And so in existence God-mind allows
every possibility to occur.
That's how it knows itself.
If this happens, what's the result?
All possibilities exist.
But in the God-mind, the information is already known.
On the physical reality, we have not yet become aware of it,
so for us it's sequential and linear
when it is really simultaneous.
Every thought that a person has
creates a potential reality, or a split in the timeline.
So if you decide to have lunch one day
it would create a timeline that's different
than if you didn't decide to have lunch that day.
And the simplest thought can create
an alternate parallel universe.
So there's versions of you that live in Alaska.
There's versions of you that are Chinese,
or who's an amoeba.
Everything that you could possibly think of, you exist.
And that's part of the Over Soul Matrix,
and that's where they know how to program you
into personalities because they know your
Over Soul Matrix and then they superimpose
over that your programming matrix.
So if you were a Templar in the 1100s,
they can program an alter in you that's a Templar,
because it's part of you.
See? That's the thing.
They can't put in you what doesn't already exist.
So it has to be a foundational mind pattern first.
But this leads to potentials
so that whatever you decide to do in life,
every choice that you make, creates a timeline.
And every time you change your decisions,
you're altering that timeline.
Now to the individual, it seems like an even flow.
But to someone who's standing back
and looking at the simultaneous existences,
you say okay, here's Stuart where he was married,
and here he is when he decided never to get married.
It's the same Stuart, but different experiences.
We'll say different thought form realities.
Exactly correct. Exactly correct.
And so there's an infinite.
It's a matter of where you focus.
What choices do you want to make
and which ones are you going to follow.
So as we sit here in this hotel in this room,
and we're at this conference,
and we're looking around at all
the other people on the planet,
the planes flying overhead and cars driving past.
This is a collective rendering of reality.
We have, those of us participating in this experience,
have decided the commonality of the experience.
And yet it's unique for each one of us.
Because in the room there is many realities.
You might think its warm, I might think its cold,
you might think its comfortable.
Filtering through our mind patterns.
But despite how many realities exist in the room,
there's only one actuality and that's
the underlying energy behind all of it.
So taking this collective reality
that we're all experiencing and what you talked
about earlier, what we've been talking about
this whole time in terms of the programming
and knowing how to program these physical
minds to these particular visions,
desires, and frequencies,
that's projected to look like a particular kind of reality.
Well, reality, I even hate to use that word, reality.
On the other hand, you said yesterday
there's another potential that you can see out there.
It's a lesser of or maybe
not even a lesser of reality
having to do with, how do you say the belt,
The Kuiper Belt.
Kuiper Belt.
And yet, if you'll explain that.
And yet, is there a third reality?
Is there a third potential reality that we can co-create?
We can create infinite realities.
In one of them we have the situation
where these beings in the Kuiper Belt
decide to take away the Illuminati
from the Earth and impose their own agenda.
There are realities where the Illuminati do not leave.
There are realities where they never existed
in the first place, and so on and so on.
And so here we are at this point where
collectively as a species and individually,
we have to decide which one are we going
to accept as our personal reality
and as our collective species' reality.
Is there a none of the above
that we're seeing right now?
Well, there's always a path that must be taken.
And which one we decide is a choice.
But a path will be taken.
There's no such thing as no choice.
There's always a choice.
But are you saying it's those two.
One of those two?
Those are the two main ones.
The two main ones.
Yes, and of course, I may not know all
the possible interjections of things that may occur.
But those are the two most obvious
that are presenting at this time.
Those are the two. Correct.
From our collective reality.
Those are the two most obvious ones look
like this is what's going to happen.
One of these.
Back to you.
Back on a personal level again
and having worked your way through so much
trauma that the rest of us will never be able
to comprehend.
And now assisting others to find their own identity
and so forth.
What is the advice that you give people now?
If you can even give advice, that might not be a good word.
Well, I just say what I know.
And I tell people they can accept or reject as they see fit.
But the wisest choice that anyone can make
as I mentioned earlier is to accept their own
responsibility and to correct the mind patterns
that perhaps have produced uncomfortable
or negative experiences for them.
I know that each individual is connected to
and Over Soul and to the God-mind within,
and that is the only thing that you should listen to
and connect to.
You're already connected to it, but become aware of it,
and create from that perspective.
Because you are not a physical being.
You are a spiritual being having a physical experience
as you are in many, many different realities.
So you should create the experiences
that are the most uplifting, most beneficial,
to yourself and to those around you.
And project that out.
And if we all do that individually,
it will create a critical mass that will
spill over to the others and we actually can create
a paradise on this planet, believe it or not.
I do believe it. I'm with you on that.
And Stuart, thank you so much for spending the time with us.
And as you said off-camera or on,
we could speak for weeks and so we certainly
encourage everybody to look deeper into your work.
They can pick up a copy of one of your books.
Do you do a lot of conferences and a lot of
personal sessions?
Do you do it mostly at home? On the road?
How do you work?
Well, I travel quite a bit.
I go globally.
I don't do many conferences because we have
our own conferences that we do several times a year,
which you can see on expansions.com.
And we teach everything from
how to create your own wealth,
alternative healing, mind pattern analysis, dream analysis,
everything that you need to have
a perfect and wonderful life.
We have that for you.
Good. Thank you so much.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate the opportunity.
Among the skills Stuart offers his clients today
is his expertise in deep programming,
Illuminati programs that are
embedded into our mind patterns.
It's an understatement to say that
Stuart's workshops are mind expanding,
showing deep levels of spiritual understanding.
You can join him for his workshops
or buy any of his books and DVDs by going to his website
at www.expansions. com.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.